<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en_US" lang="en_US">
<head>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/HeadlinesPlugin/style.css" type="text/css" media="all" />
<title> Agenda2008Aug05 &lt; Council &lt; TWiki    </title>
<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=iso-8859-1" />
<link rel="icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="shortcut icon" href="/twiki/pub/Council/WebPreferences/favicon.ico    " type="image/x-icon" />
<link rel="alternate" href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/edit/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?_T=16 Feb 2017" type="application/x-wiki" title="edit Agenda2008Aug05" />
<meta name="SCRIPTURLPATH" content="/bin" />
<meta name="SCRIPTSUFFIX" content="" />
<meta name="TEXT_JUMP" content="Jump" />
<meta name="TEXT_SEARCH" content="Search" />
<meta name="TEXT_NUM_TOPICS" content="Number of topics:" />
<meta name="TEXT_MODIFY_SEARCH" content="Modify search" />
<meta name="robots" content="noindex" /><link rel="alternate" type="application/rss+xml" title="RSS Feed" href="/bin/view/Council/WebRss" />    
<base href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/bin/view/Council/Agenda2008Aug05"></base>
<!--BEHAVIOURCONTRIB--><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiWindow.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiEvent.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiHTML.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiForm.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/PatternSkin/pattern.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url('/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiTemplates/base.css');
</style><script type="text/javascript" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiStyles.js"></script><style type="text/css" media="all">


</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/layout.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/style.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/colors.css");
@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/rounded_corners.css");
</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	/* Styles that are set using variables */
	#patternLeftBar .patternWebIndicator,
	.patternBookView .twikiTopRow {
		background-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternBookView {
		border-color:#D0D0D0;
	}
	.patternPreviewPage #patternMain {
		/* uncomment to set the preview image */
		/*background-image:url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/PreviewBackground/preview2bg.gif    ");*/
	}
	
</style><style type="text/css" media="all">



</style>
<style type="text/css" media="all">
	@import url("/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/print.css");
</style><!--TWISTYPLUGIN_TWISTY--><style type="text/css" media="all">
@import url("https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.css");
</style>
<script type='text/javascript' src='https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/BehaviourContrib/behaviour.compressed.js'></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikilib.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiPref.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiJavascripts/twikiCSS.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript" src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TwistyContrib/twist.compressed.js"></script>
<script type="text/javascript">
// <![CDATA[
var styleText = '<style type="text/css" media="all">.twikiMakeVisible{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleInline{display:inline;}.twikiMakeVisibleBlock{display:block;}.twikiMakeHidden{display:none;}</style>';
document.write(styleText);
// ]]>
</script>

<!--GOOGLEANALYTICSPLUGIN--><!-- Google Analytics script -->
<script type="text/javascript">
  var _gaq = _gaq || [];
  _gaq.push(['_setAccount', 'UA-69012-21']);
  _gaq.push(['_setDomainName', 'none']);
  _gaq.push(['_setAllowLinker', true]);
  _gaq.push(['_trackPageview']);
  (function() {
    var ga = document.createElement('script'); ga.type = 'text/javascript'; ga.async = true;
    ga.src = ('https:' == document.location.protocol ? 'https://ssl' : 'http://www') + '.google-analytics.com/ga.js';
    var s = document.getElementsByTagName('script')[0]; s.parentNode.insertBefore(ga, s);
  })();
</script>

<!--TABLEPLUGIN_twikiAttachmentsTable--><style type="text/css" media="all">
.tableSortIcon img {padding-left:.3em; vertical-align:text-bottom;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {border-style:solid none;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {vertical-align:middle;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td {vertical-align:top;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th {background-color:#eceef2;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable th.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#e0e3e9;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td {background-color:#ffffff;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable tr.twikiTableRowdataBg0 td.twikiSortedCol {background-color:#f2f3f6;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol0 {text-align:center;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol1 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol2 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol3 {text-align:right;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol4 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol5 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol6 {text-align:left;}
.twikiTable#twikiAttachmentsTable td.twikiTableCol7 {text-align:center;}
</style></head>
<body class="patternViewPage patternPrintPage">
<a name="PageTop"></a>
<div id="patternScreen">
<div id="patternPageShadow">
<div id="patternPage">
<div id="patternOuter">
<div id="patternFloatWrap">
<div id="patternMain">
<div id="patternMainContents">
<div class="patternContent"><div class="patternTopic"> <h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="OSG_Council_Face_to_Face_Meeting"></a> <strong>OSG Council Face-to-Face Meeting</strong> </span></h2>
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Logistics"></a> Logistics </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Location: <a href="http://www.westinohare.com/" target="_top">Westin Hotel</a> near O'Hare Airport, Chicago IL 
</li> <li> Date: August 5th, 2008 
</li> <li> Time: 9:00 AM Central Time - 4:00 PM Central Time 
</li> <li> General Information and Registration <a href="http://indico.fnal.gov/conferenceDisplay.py?confId=1901" target="_top">here</a> 
</li> <li> Participation by Telephone:  <ul>
<li> Toll Free Number within the US (and possibly Canada &amp; Mexico): 1-888-677-9189 
</li> <li> Toll Number: 1-608-316-0022 
</li> <li> Pass Code: 2971 
</li> <li> Call Center Help Number in Case of Problems: 1-608-316-0753 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Agenda"></a> Agenda </span></h2>
<p />
<strong>9:00AM - 9:30AM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Welcome 
</li> <li> Role Call / Sign-up List 
</li> <li> Introductions 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>9:30AM - 10:15AM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Report from Council Chairs  <ul>
<li> Brief report on the 2008 Annual Report 
</li> <li> Report on iSGTW Advisory Board (Paul) 
</li> <li> Status of Science Advisory Group (Paul) 
</li> <li> Discussion on OSG Council Re-Organization 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>10:15AM - 10:30AM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Short Break 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>10:30AM - 10:45AM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Report from the At-Large VO Representation Subcommittee (Shaowen) 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>10:45AM - 12:00PM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> OSG Project Reports  <ul>
<li> Status of the OSG Project (Ruth) 
</li> <li> Financial Reporting (Chander) 
</li> <li> Presentation of Year 3 Planning (Chander) 
</li> <li> Revision in Project Organization Chart (Ruth) 
</li> <li> Recent Security Issues / Status &amp; Plans for Policies and Agreements 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>12:00PM - 1:30PM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Lunch at local restaurants 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>1:30PM - 2:30PM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Planning for the Future (all)  <ul>
<li> DOE Roadmap 
</li> <li> New NSF Solicitations 
</li> <li> Stimulating joint discussions between DOE and NSF for sustaining infrastructure 
</li> <li> Evolution of EGEE into EGI (added during the meeting) 
</li></ul> 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>2:30PM - 3:15PM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Open Discussion of Council Member Concerns (Council) 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>3:15PM - 3:30pM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Short Break 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<strong>3:30PM - 4:00PM Central</strong> <ul>
<li> Closing Remarks 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Attending"></a> Attending </span></h2>
<p />
<h3><a name="Westin_Conference_Room"></a> <code>Westin Conference Room</code> </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> Kent Blackburn (Council Co-Chair), Paul Avery (Council Co-Chair), Rob Gardner (US ATLAS), Ruth Pordes (OSG Exec Dir), Scott <span class="twikiNewLink">McCaulay<a href="/bin/edit/Council/McCaulay?topicparent=Council.Agenda2008Aug05" rel="nofollow" title="McCaulay (this topic does not yet exist; you can create it)">?</a></span> (Indiana), Lothar Bauerdick (US CMS), Chander Sehgal (OSG Proj Mgr), Qizhong Li (D0), Rick Snider (CDF), Miron Livny (OSG/Condor), Dick Greenwood (DOSAR), Patrick Brady (LIGO), Thomas Hacker (Purdue), Shaowen Wang (CIGI), Vicky White (Fermilab) 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h3><a name="Via_Teleconference_Service"></a> <code>Via Teleconference Service</code> </h3>
<p /> <ul>
<li> None 
</li></ul> 
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Minutes"></a> Minutes </span></h2>
<p />
<strong>Report from Council Chairs:</strong>
<p />
Paul reported on recent efforts to contact the Science Advisory Board(Group). Two of the members from last year were not reachable using last year's email addresses and Paul would have to investigate further how to contact them. The Council Co-Chairs believe that we should add members to the Science Advisory Board(Group). A request was made that Council Representative give some thought into high level individuals that could help the OSG cause and make suggestions back to the Council Co-Chairs. There was also some confusion based on the history of exchanges on the subject as to whether or not this name should be "Science Advisory Board" or "Science Advisory Group". Ruth recommended that we be consistent with Bill Kramer's email.
<p />
<font color="#0000cd"> <strong>NOTE: In a follow-up email Ruth noted that in both the Management Plan and the Cooperative Agreement "Science Advisory Group - SAG" is used - we will adopt this!</strong> </font>
<p />
Paul Avery reported on recent effort that went into crafting the annual report. The report went in later than requested by the NSF due to a misunderstanding of the due date. This annual report is a necessary "gate" in order to release funds for the following year. It is expected that the report drafting process will begin earlier next year. The report looks very good and it is amazing how much is actually going on within the OSG as captured by the report. The report is available on-line.
<p />
Paul also reported on the iSGTW, presenting survey results (see presentation attached below). We need to have clear metrics to identify success with the iSGTW, as well as an understanding of the impact iSGTW is having. Involvement in iSGTW between the EGEE and OSG was reported to be roughly the same percentage when viewed in terms of the relative sizes of each collaboration. Lothar reported that CMS does indeed care about the iSGTW as a vehicle for communicating and public relations. It was reported by Ruth that there will be Communications Contact established with each VO and that there would also be quarterly telecons with these communications contacts. The first communications telecon will take place in September. Future VOs would have to provide communications contacts as part of the registration process.
<p />
Kent reported on lack of progress towards establishing a sub-committee to address reorganization of the Council. Kent's time is too limited to be involved in more than one subcommittee at a time and there was little interest from the Council in participating in the sub-committee (one VO representative offered to participate). In addition, participation in the "At-Large" subcommittee had been minimal with only about 40% participation by the subcommittee after sign-up. It will be necessary to carry out these subcommittees in serial. But this has some risks that subcommittee membership will be drawing from the same pool of individuals each time. The council recommended serial subcommittees be the mechanism with the emphasis on providing quality results over a longer time instead of mediocre results quickly. Kent will revamp the organization of the "Re-Org" subcommittee now that the "At-Large" subcommittee has reached its year 1 conclusions.
<p />
<strong>Report from the "At-Large VO Representation" Subcommittee:</strong>
<p />
Shaowen reported on the findings of the subcommittee (see his slides and the recommendation letter below). There were challenges early on identifying the list of VOs and contacts. From the list 14 VOs were identified that did not have seats on the council. Of these, the subcommittee was able to contact 7 VOs and was able to schedule interviews with 5. In addition, DOSAR, as a VO with representation on the subcommittee and having recently joined the Council was also interviewed. The subcommittee made two recommendations. There was significant discussion and debate over the overlap and boundaries of this subcommittee with the charge to the "Council Re-Org" subcommittee. The Council reviewed the two recommendations from the subcommittee and decided to postpone adoption of the first recommendation regarding mechanisms for adding, and replacing council members until after the "Council Re-Org" subcommittee has formed and reported. In addition, there was a recommendation by Kent that Shaowen be a member of the "Council Re-Org" subcommittee to assure that his experiences with the "At-Large" VOs would be captured in that subcommittees process. The second recommendation to have a forum for the At-Large VOs to self organize was approved.
<p />
There was a general discussion with regards to the experiences of the subcommittee's efforts exposing a need to communications channels at many different levels of the OSG. While the intent of this subcommittee was to address a high level issue, it exposed issues with communications in many areas. Some of the effort overlapped with a recent survey of VOs conducted by the OSG Users Group. It was recommended that this subcommittee remain as a standing body of the Council and that it participate on an annual bases with the Users Group in their survey process.
<p />
<strong>OSG Project Reports:</strong>
<p />
Chander gave an accelerated Project Management report. Details are available in his slides below. A high priority item from the Project Manager was the endorsement of the agreement between OSG and WLCG for software support. The agreement was reviewed line by line and two recommendations for changes were made by the Council: (a) That it be spelled out that Miron Livney would be the point of contact for both the VDT <strong><em>and the OSG Executive Team</em></strong> in Item 8, (b) That VDT in be replaced with <strong><em>OSG</em></strong> in Item 10. The Council took a vote an endorsed the agreement with the two changes.
<p />
Ruth posted her slides (see attachments below) on the OSG Status and invited the Council to review them at their convenience - a schedule/time saving decision based on length discussion in the morning.
<p />
Ruth then presented her slides (see attachments below) on the OSG Re-Org, which was based on conversations at the Trash/Trash/Blueprint meeting the week before and email exchanges with the OSG Council Co-Chairs. The re-org constitutes no changes in scope or goals, it is intended to improve effectiveness. There were questions regarding drivers for these changes. Ruth walked through examples of getting the right individuals and groups involve on issues and how this re-org would hopefully accomplish this. There was a bit of discussion about this being a solution that may need further corrections later on, and whether or not it was mature enough to document in the management plan. Ruth and Miron both felt it was ready for incorporation into our documentation and Ruth would make these changes. If at a later date a need to make further re-org decisions appeared, they to would be presented and documented. The Council voted to endorse the presented OSG Reorganisation and to move forward with documentation of the re-org.
<p />
<strong>Planning for the Future:</strong>
<p />
Discussed OCI solicitation XD, it scope $32M in first year to 3 to 6 awardees. Targeted at Teragrid infrastructure. There was concern over the lack of involvement of OSG what is viewed as long term planning for national cyberinfrastructure (10 yrs - 15 yrs). Discussion identified a strong need to be speaking with the agencies. There was a suggestion that OSG write a one pager to the agencies outlining our plans for the future and how the fold into long term national infrastructure planning, as well as into the needs of the stakeholders. Miron felt that this would not go far enough and that the individual stakeholders needed to be part of the communication. Also identified the need to stimulate discussion across the agencies. OSG and its predecessors have demonstrated a fairly long term ability and uniqueness for interagency (DOE and NSF) participation. A forum for this inter-agency cyberinfrastructure planning should be identified.
<p />
A discussion of the Track IID solicitation identified the use of "testbeds" as being of interest and proposed that OSG partner with other such that OSG is a customer of a "testbed". Current partners with OSG would be given priority.
<p />
European Union is pushing to evolve EGEE in the next 2 to 3 years through a transitional approach, first involving the formation of Nationa Grid Infrastructure (NGI), then into a new European Grid Infrastructure (EGI). This is planned as a very large effort with lots of manpower. Currently OSG doesn't have any communications channels with EGI planners. Concern was expressed over the risks of EGI moving in a direction that doesn't align well with the OSG. We would be in a position of having to pick up support for several packages, VOMS, CEMON and LCG Utils Package were mentioned. Interoperability and its impact on WLCG are also at risk of taking a big hit in this evolution. Ruth stated that the Executive Team was aware of this risk and was looking at what would be the impact. It is expected that picking up these packages would entail a 6 to 12 month impact on the project. Ruth asked the Council for endorsement to pursue establishing communications with the EGI planners. This would involve Ruth, Miron and Chander. Ultimately, we would seek to form an external partnership. The Council fully endorsed this move.
<p />
<strong>Open Discussion of Council Member Concerns:</strong>
<p />
Vicki expressed concern from her institutional role at Fermilab over the types of science that is being done with her resources, concerns over VO verses Grid. There is currently no way to know if all the jobs contributed by a VO are being used, for example, biology or nanotechnology. The current trust relationships on the OSG as a grid do not expose this level of insight. Kent stated that in any particular science there could be subdivisions, for example in LIGO, there are four separate analysis classifications that have very unique runtime requirements. It was pointed out that this could be addressed with sub-VOs, but Kent felt that it would be nice if a solution for the concerns presented by Vicki could also provide this level of resolution. Miron recommended that this be carried as an action item to an OSG Trash/Trash/Blueprint Meeting where they can discuss in technical details and come back with a summary to the Council of what is possible.
<p />
Vicki presented a second issue, that we have not yet really developed an economic model for OSG, e.g., we need a better model for what members bring and what members take. Miron agreed but viewed this as more of a value than an economics. Need to define how to evaluate this value and use it to make decision. Lothar stated that this is likely to be a value model that evolves over time, value of build up of the grid evolves into value of the use of the grid. Rob stated that we need to find a way to spell out the incentives to the VOs. Patrick stated that he was surprised that OSG didn't have a paragraph response to the question, as it has been asked before in other venues than a Council meeting. The question was raised how to move forward. Kent stated that this wasn't trivial in his mind to define and that maybe a subcommittee would be the right approach but it would be several months before he could take this on as an official Council subcommittee function with the need to take on the Council Re-Org.
<p />
Rob reported on ATLAS concerns (a slide with this is attached below). Many of these involve requests for functionality that has been previously presented or currently in progress. In addition, there it was unclear to ATLAS what the vector for communicating feedback and expectations. Ruth reported that she has taken on the point of contact role for ATLAS. ( <em>In Ruth's Re-Org presentation earlier she noted this along with Miron for CMS and Chander for LIGO</em>).
<p />
<strong>Closing Remarks:</strong>
<p />
It was a very good meeting with significant discussion and participation.
<p />
Kent will post minutes and let the Council know when they are available.
<p />
-- <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> - 13 May 2008
<p />
<h2 class="twikinetRoundedAttachments"><span class="twikinetHeader"><a name="Uploaded_Documents_for_Meeting"></a> Uploaded Documents for Meeting: </span></h2>
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/OSG_VDT_Support_for_WLCG-V1.4.pdf" target="_top">OSG_VDT_Support_for_WLCG-V1.4.pdf</a>: OSG VDT Support Agreement with WLCG for Review by Council 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/OSG_PjM_Report_05Aug08.ppt" target="_top">OSG_PjM_Report_05Aug08.ppt</a>: OSG Project Management Report 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/Reorg.ppt" target="_top">Reorg.ppt</a>: Reorg.ppt 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/EDReport.ppt" target="_top">EDReport.ppt</a>: EDReport.ppt 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/OSG-Council-AtLargeVO-Report-Shaowen-rp-sw.ppt" target="_top">OSG-Council-AtLargeVO-Report-Shaowen-rp-sw.ppt</a>: Presentation by the Open Science Grid Council Subcommittee to address the Consortium At-Large VO Representation 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/At-largeVO-Subcommittee-Report-rp-sw.pdf" target="_top">At-largeVO-Subcommittee-Report-rp-sw.pdf</a>: Report by the Open Science Grid Council Subcommittee to address the Consortium At-Large VO Representation 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/US_ATLAS.ppt" target="_top">US_ATLAS.ppt</a>: US ATLAS Slides 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/At-largeVO-Subcommittee-Report-rp-sw.doc" target="_top">At-largeVO-Subcommittee-Report-rp-sw.doc</a>: At-Large VO Representation Subcommittee Report Document 
</li></ul> 
<p /> <ul>
<li> <a href="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/avery_OSG_2008aug05.ppt" target="_top">avery_OSG_2008aug05.ppt</a>: Paul Avery's Slides to Council
</li></ul> </div><!-- /patternTopic-->
<p />
<p />
<div class="twikinetRounded twikinetRoundedAttachments"><div class="rCRounded"><div class="rCTR"><div class="rCTL"></div><!--/rCTL--><div class="twikiAttachments">
<div class="twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline">  <span id="topicattachmentslistshow" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleopen.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span> <span id="topicattachmentslisthide" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyTrigger twikiUnvisited twistyHidden twistyInited"><a href="#"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/toggleclose.gif" border="0" alt="" /><span class="twikiLinkLabel twikiUnvisited">Attachments</span></a> </span>  </div><!--/twistyPlugin twikiMakeVisibleInline--> <div class="twistyPlugin"><div id="topicattachmentslisttoggle" class="twistyRememberSetting twistyContent twikiMakeHidden twistyInited">
<table cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" border="0" class="twikinetWrapperTable" rules="none">
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableT twikinetWrapperTableTR"></td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td colspan="2" class="twikinetWrapperTableMain">
<table summary="Topic attachments" cellspacing="0" id="twikiAttachmentsTable" cellpadding="0" class="twikiTable" rules="rows" border="1"><caption>Topic attachments</caption>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?cover=print;sortcol=0;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">I</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?cover=print;sortcol=1;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Attachment</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?cover=print;sortcol=2;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Action</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol3"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?cover=print;sortcol=3;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Size</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol4"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?cover=print;sortcol=4;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Date</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?cover=print;sortcol=5;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Who</font></a> </th>
			<th bgcolor="#eceef2" valign="middle" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> <a rel="nofollow" href="/bin/view/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?cover=print;sortcol=6;table=1;up=0#sorted_table" title="Sort by this column"><font color="#252b37">Comment</font></a> </th>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="doc" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/doc.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">doc</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/At-largeVO-Subcommittee-Report-rp-sw.doc">At-largeVO-Subcommittee-Report-rp-sw.doc</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?filename=At-largeVO-Subcommittee-Report-rp-sw.doc;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 31.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">08 Aug 2008 - 18:44</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> At-Large VO Representation Subcommittee Report Document </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="ppt" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/ppt.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">ppt</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/EDReport.ppt">EDReport.ppt</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?filename=EDReport.ppt;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 8149.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">05 Aug 2008 - 17:41</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> &nbsp; </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="ppt" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/ppt.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">ppt</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/OSG-Council-AtLargeVO-Report-Shaowen-rp-sw.ppt">OSG-Council-AtLargeVO-Report-Shaowen-rp-sw.ppt</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?filename=OSG-Council-AtLargeVO-Report-Shaowen-rp-sw.ppt;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 246.5&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">05 Aug 2008 - 18:41</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/UnknownUser" class="twikiLink">UnknownUser</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> Presentation by the Open Science Grid Council Subcommittee to address the Consortium At-Large VO Representation </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="ppt" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/ppt.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">ppt</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/OSG_PjM_Report_05Aug08.ppt">OSG_PjM_Report_05Aug08.ppt</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?filename=OSG_PjM_Report_05Aug08.ppt;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 201.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">04 Aug 2008 - 21:21</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/ChanderSehgal" class="twikiLink">ChanderSehgal</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> OSG Project Management Report </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="pdf" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/pdf.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">pdf</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/OSG_VDT_Support_for_WLCG-V1.4.pdf">OSG_VDT_Support_for_WLCG-V1.4.pdf</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?filename=OSG_VDT_Support_for_WLCG-V1.4.pdf;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 11.2&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">01 Aug 2008 - 19:47</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> OSG VDT Support Agreement with WLCG for Review by Council </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="ppt" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/ppt.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">ppt</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/Reorg.ppt">Reorg.ppt</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?filename=Reorg.ppt;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 558.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">05 Aug 2008 - 17:37</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/RuthPordes" class="twikiLink">RuthPordes</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> &nbsp; </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableEven twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol"> <img width="16" alt="ppt" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/ppt.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">ppt</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/US_ATLAS.ppt">US_ATLAS.ppt</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?filename=US_ATLAS.ppt;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3"> 183.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">05 Aug 2008 - 19:17</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol"> US ATLAS Slides </td>
		</tr>
		<tr class="twikiTableOdd twikiTableRowdataBgSorted0 twikiTableRowdataBg0">
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="center" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol0 twikiFirstCol twikiLast"> <img width="16" alt="ppt" align="top" src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiDocGraphics/ppt.gif" height="16" border="0" /><span class="twikiHidden">ppt</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol1 twikiLast"> <a href="/twiki/pub/Council/Agenda2008Aug05/avery_OSG_2008aug05.ppt">avery_OSG_2008aug05.ppt</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol2 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/attach/Council/Agenda2008Aug05?filename=avery_OSG_2008aug05.ppt;revInfo=1" title="change, update, previous revisions, move, delete..." rel="nofollow">manage</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="right" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol3 twikiLast"> 253.0&nbsp;K </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol4 twikiLast"> <span class="twikiNoBreak">11 Aug 2008 - 15:37</span> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol5 twikiLast"> <a href="/bin/view/Main/KentBlackburn" class="twikiLink">KentBlackburn</a> </td>
			<td bgcolor="#ffffff" align="left" valign="top" class="twikiTableCol6 twikiLastCol twikiLast"> Paul Avery's Slides to Council </td>
		</tr></table>
</td>
</tr>
<tr class="twikinetWrapperTableRow">
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBL"></td>
<td class="twikinetWrapperTableB twikinetWrapperTableBR"></td>
</tr>
</table>
</div></div> <!--/twistyPlugin--></div><!--//twikiAttachments--></div><!--/rCTR--><div class="rCBR"><div class="rCBL"></div><!--/rCBL--></div><!--/rCBR--></div><!--/rCRounded--></div><!--/twikinetRounded--></div><!-- /patternContent-->
<hr />
This topic: Council<span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span><a href="/bin/view/Council/WebHome" class="twikiCurrentWebHomeLink twikiLink">WebHome</a><span class='twikiSeparator'>&nbsp;&gt;&nbsp;</span>Agenda2008Aug05</span> <br />    
Topic revision: r30 - 06 Dec 2016 - 18:12:36 - <a href="/bin/view/Main/KyleGross" class="twikiLink">KyleGross</a>
</div><!-- /patternMainContents-->
</div><!-- /patternMain-->
</div><!-- /patternFloatWrap-->
<div class="clear">&nbsp;</div>
</div><!-- /patternOuter--><div id="patternBottomBar"><div id="patternBottomBarContents"><div id="twikinetBadge"><a href="http://www.twiki.net/"><img src="https://twiki.opensciencegrid.org/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiNetSkin/twiki-badge-88x31.gif" alt="TWIKI.NET" width="88" height="31" border="0" /></a></div><!--/twikinetBadge--><div id="patternWebBottomBar"><p>
<font size="-1">
TWiki |
<a href="https://ticket.grid.iu.edu/goc/twiki">Report Bugs</a> |
<a href="https://twiki.grid.iu.edu/bin/view/Operations/IUPrivacyPolicy">Privacy Policy</a>
</p>
<p>
<font size="-2">
<span class="twikiRight"> <a href="http://twiki.org/"><img src="/twiki/pub/TWiki/TWikiLogos/T-logo-80x15.gif" alt="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" width="80" height="15" title="This site is powered by the TWiki collaboration platform" border="0" /></a></span>Copyright by the contributing authors. All material on this collaboration platform is the property of the contributing authors..
</font>
</p></div><!--/patternWebBottomBar--></div><!-- /patternBottomBarContents--></div><!-- /patternBottomBar-->
</div><!-- /patternPage-->
</div><!-- /patternPageShadow-->
</div><!-- /patternScreen-->
</body></html>
<p />